# automated-system-for-pose-creation-detection-and-correction-using-mediapipe
Exercise or yoga on a daily basis is very important for a person's general growth. Customized postures based on a person's health conditions can greatly support regular practice and help ease certain health problems. This project proposes an automated system that allows users to conduct workouts without difficulty by customizing their exercise routines based on their age, gender, and health status. In contrast to earlier systems, this model uses Mediapipe to extract features from webcam footage and lets teachers add as many postures as necessary. 33 keypoints are recorded by the system into a CSV file, which is subsequently utilized to train the model. The Artificial Neural Networks (ANN) that were used to train the model on feedback classes enable it to deliver real-time feedback on the posture of the user during exercise. This breakthrough helps physiotherapists create personalized routines for patients, sportsmen, or anyone with health difficulties by addressing the shortcomings of previous systems with an automated procedure for adding postures and feedback. The model provides a more effective and customized approach to performance improvement than conventional methods that rely on large datasets.Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS) through a curated selection of yoga poses known to aid in managing this condition. The system includes ten specific poses: Butterfly Pose (Badhakonasana), Reclining Butterfly Pose (Supta Badhakonasana), Mill Churning Pose (Chakki Chalanasana), Lotus Pose (Padmasana), Corpse Pose (Shavasana), Bow Pose (Dhanurasana), Cobra Pose (Bhujangasana), Boat Pose (Naukasana), and Child’s Pose (Balasana). Each pose has been integrated into the system with over 15 feedback points to ensure correct posture and effectiveness. This tailored approach not only supports individuals in their daily exercise routines but also specifically targets the therapeutic needs of those managing PCOS. 

to run 
#conda activate main
#streamlit run app.py
